Docs: add SEO meta descriptions to each page (#1699)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/data-ingestion/Promtail.md

---
weight: 4
title: Promtail Setup

> description: "Configure Loki collectors to send logs to VictoriaLogs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Configure Promtail, Grafana Agent, and Grafana Alloy to send collected logs to VictoriaLogs."
```
